Great. , hi everyone. I think we have
bit of an issue here without clear
your agenda in terms of who is
supposed to speak.
I guess the purpose of today's
meeting was just
to revisit the caps that we have
before the final approval and  the
before the final approval and the
agenda suggests that the cap authors
would present
them and I think  almost all the caps
them and I think almost all the caps
have been discussed before besides cap
70. So maybe if parent is
here. Yeah. Maybe you could talk about
cap 70 because it's completely new and
then we could I don't know I guess
quickly recap other caps
and there any questions  concerning
and there any questions concerning
any.
Cool.  yeah that sounds good.  so I
Cool. yeah that sounds good. so I
guess getting started with cap 70.
this one is a recent addition to
protocol 23  but it's fairly  small
protocol 23 but it's fairly small
and straightforward. And so essentially
what this does is it introduces a couple
of new  network config settings that
of new network config settings that
control  some of the timing parameters
control some of the timing parameters
around consensus.  so essentially
around consensus. so essentially
today  like during consensus there's a
today like during consensus there's a
couple of hard-coded values such as the
block of the ledge or the length of the
ledger being 5 seconds as well as some
of the  more nitty-gritty details on
of the more nitty-gritty details on
consensus as to like how long  nodes
consensus as to like how long nodes
wait for certain rounds like timeouts
between certain  consensus rounds and
between certain consensus rounds and
things like this. And so essentially
this cap doesn't actually change
anything  but it just allows us  to
anything but it just allows us to
change these values in the future. So
for instance today stellar core all the
nodes are hardcoded to have a 5-second
ledger time.  but with this cap it
ledger time. but with this cap it
allows that to be dynamic and
configurable. And so kind of the  the
configurable. And so kind of the the
motivation behind this is that as we
want to move towards you know higher
throughput and lower block times
making you know large jumps is
difficult. Going from 5-second blocks to
2 and 1/2 second blocks is very very
challenging.  so the goal with this is
challenging. so the goal with this is
to allow us to kind of make small
incremental changes  via SLPs where
incremental changes via SLPs where
you know to get to that goal of 2 and a
half seconds or whatever it may be
you know we start  by just trimming
you know we start by just trimming
off like one or 200 millconds at a time
and over time we'll get there and so
essentially this cap introduces all
these new config settings  but the
these new config settings but the
default values are the exact same values
that are currently hardcoded into core
and so cap 70 will have no noticeable
change  when it's  initially
change when it's initially
implemented but just opens the door to
have more configurability and hopefully
tighter iteration cycles as we go to
improve consensus and nomination timing
in the
future. Yeah. So, I think it's  pretty
future. Yeah. So, I think it's pretty
straightforward and probably  not
straightforward and probably not
super controversial, but if anyone has
any questions or wants to talk about,
you know, feel free.
yes have a small question which I
kind of already asked in the but
basically
is it
possible like for example for seran
network settings it is relatively easy
to understand what every settings means
and you know if you're for example
increasing the prov limit for
instruction like 100x it is kind of easy
to spot that it's probably not going to
work because we will take 100 times more
time to close the ledger. So my question
here is
how risky is this set of parameters?
Is it possible to  accidentally  v
Is it possible to accidentally v
for an upgrade that breaks the network
in an unintuitive way because we're kind
of  altering the  consensus
of altering the consensus
algorithm which on its own is used to
well do everything on the network
such as upgrades. So unbreaking the
network would be tricky. So you know how
risky it is to break the network.
Yeah. So I I do agree with you.  these
Yeah. So I I do agree with you. these
are pretty kind of  you know low-level
are pretty kind of you know low-level
technical settings.  I think kind of
technical settings. I think kind of
the reason  it makes sense from a
the reason it makes sense from a
technical standpoint to be config
settings is that these are things that
we want to change often and kind of
slowly over time  to you know make
slowly over time to you know make
small incremental progress and all the
nodes have to agree on them. So it makes
sense to be conflict setting but they
definitely are difficult to understand.
And so I think as far as validation
pretty much the only tool that we have
is supercluster and kind of simulating
the network and seeing the effect these
values will have.  and they definitely
values will have. and they definitely
have effects that are sometimes not
super intuitive. And so I think what we
might want to do is  at the
might want to do is at the
especially when we just launched these
features  is to put tight bounds onto
features is to put tight bounds onto
the acceptable values.  so for
the acceptable values. so for
instance like if today  the default
instance like if today the default
value for you know electric close timer
is 500 or 5,000 milliseconds or 5
seconds  if you were to change that to
seconds if you were to change that to
50 milliseconds  the network  that
50 milliseconds the network that
bad things would happen  and  the
bad things would happen and the
network would be very unstable and so
perhaps  what we can do is  given
perhaps what we can do is given
that at least my thinking the goal with
this gap is to make small incre
improvements  we could have very tight
improvements we could have very tight
bounds  just at the  you
bounds just at the you
implementation  level.  and so say
implementation level. and so say
for instance like in protocol 23  we
for instance like in protocol 23 we
could say that the lower bound on the
ledger close time is like four 4 seconds
or maybe like 3 and a half or like that.
And so worst case you know if someone
was to propose like a 50 millisecond
change it just wouldn't go through. And
you know  even like these lower bounds
you know even like these lower bounds
I think these would be like kind of
guesses at this point  because there's
guesses at this point because there's
still lots of testing  and validity
still lots of testing and validity
checking that needs to be done on these
values. But I think like you know  if
values. But I think like you know if
you go from 5 seconds to 4 seconds that
might still cause some network
instability. But I don't think you would
break the network  in the same way
break the network in the same way
that you would if you went from like you
know 5 seconds to 50 milliseconds.
and so  would something like that
and so would something like that
maybe some tighter bounds  alleviate
maybe some tighter bounds alleviate
some of your concerns?
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.  this I
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. this I
still feel it might be a bit scary but
yeah I guess we can try make sure that
maybe one
thing I thought of when you were talking
is that maybe we could limit the
upgrade not only in absolute sense but
also in relative sense that you cannot
reduce by more than
x% the current value something that
so that yeah we don't need to guess too
hard. It just kind of enforces
incrementality.
Yeah, that's a good idea. I think I mean
like relative  values like might have
like relative values like might have
some potential issues like so for
instance  I I think I like the limited
instance I I think I like the limited
bounds a little bit better than relative
changes because you might be in a
scenario  where for some reason  the
scenario where for some reason the
network is broken either because you've
you know changed limits in some way or
maybe that there's like some sort of
like  like a thing that's  external
like like a thing that's external
to these parameters that's gone wrong
that  also needs fixing. So I could
that also needs fixing. So I could
see a  a possibility where  due to
see a a possibility where due to
the network being in a bad state, it
would be advantageous to make large
changes to these values.  and so I
changes to these values. and so I
don't know if the relative  sort of
don't know if the relative sort of
safety measure  is as safe as it
safety measure is as safe as it
sounds from like a disaster recovery
standpoint.  but I think I think
standpoint. but I think I think
limited bounds  at the minimum would
limited bounds at the minimum would
be good and like even for like the
relative you know limit  the relative
relative you know limit the relative
limitations. The issue is is that for
some of these values  you can you know
some of these values you can you know
do damage going in both directions
right so like  you know increasing
right so like you know increasing
nomination timeout  may improve
nomination timeout may improve
performance  but  you know so
performance but you know so
what I mean by this is that like
these parameters  it's not that like
these parameters it's not that like
you know the network gets  more
you know the network gets more
unstable if you go you know one
direction and then  less or and then
direction and then less or and then
more stable if you go the other and so I
think  you So having relative bounds
think you So having relative bounds
might be a little tricky.
I agree like the  yeah having bounds
I agree like the yeah having bounds
in general is just absolute bones is
probably the way we want this.
, like I think we may want to have
those be more like some sort of like
config settings because I could see like
for as the goal of this is to understand
it in in you know like in in the context
of like we want eventually to move those
in the on the public
network have like the same defaults. So
that public network yeah is like  it
that public network yeah is like it
would take basically many  you know
would take basically many you know
many things to  to be overridden. for
many things to to be overridden. for
for a bad vote to be accepted. But in a
other environment like test net or a a
test
cluster maybe you want to actually see
what happens if you set those things to
you know like half a second or whatever.
So yeah, so I think it's the type of
thing that we should do on the
the thing I wanted to add though to
this  cap is that  yeah it's it's
this cap is that yeah it's it's
the it's only the first building block I
mean or the first change I think  I
mean or the first change I think I
imagine that is needed  to really move
imagine that is needed to really move
on the latency front because I can
see certain things like that are going
to be impacted as  if HD this runtime
to be impacted as if HD this runtime
gets  too small cuz today we have
gets too small cuz today we have
for example the   a lot of things on
for example the a lot of things on
the network that are tied to  to like
the network that are tied to to like
this 5 seconds. So like the  the thing
this 5 seconds. So like the the thing
I can think of is   we  we take
I can think of is we we take
snapshots every 64 ledgers or the how
fast do we spill from you know one level
to another. those things maybe need to
change  as the block time gets goes
change as the block time gets goes
down and right now they are not
configurable. , of course
changing the the u speed of spilling
is a much more involved change than
than changing the runtime. But that's I
think something that maybe we'll have to
to think about.
Yeah. And I think that's  one of the
Yeah. And I think that's one of the
things that makes like this is a complex
thing.  interesting is that you know
thing. interesting is that you know
lowering the block time is down is
bound to break something. I mean you
know we can test dollar stellar core and
simulation environments and stuff and
even if you know the actual like layer
one doesn't break downstream like
something will break somewhere for sure.
and so the hopefully if you you know
shave 100 milliseconds off the time you
have you know one thing breaking at a
time in minor ways whereas if you went
from like 5 seconds to two and a half
I'd imagine many many things would break
all at once which would be sad.
I have more questions but the only
comment that I have is that  again
comment that I have is that again
this is a similar property of all the
settings but since there is no like
protocol version bump attached that
doesn't that means that  network may
doesn't that means that network may
run on different versions of the core
software which means that  the the
software which means that the the
plan of like  doing an upgrade based
plan of like doing an upgrade based
on some minor release changes may not be
necessarily sustainable because it's
kind of tricky to get everyone on the
same version of the software and I guess
this may like we can try to make it
happen but  still imagine the like
happen but still imagine the like
major changes this direction would still
need to be tied to like major releases
probably. So I'm understand config
setting. It's just an observation that
even though it's a config setting, we
might not be able to change it too
often.
Yeah. And I think that's why I'm kind of
in favor of like a runtime bound limits.
I think Nico might have been hinting
at like having like a config setting
that's like the actual value and then an
additional config setting for the bound.
, but I think like to Dimma's point,
you know, like a protocol 23 package,
, it's it should be known , that
like, you know, the 23.0 package
probably can only run within like these
timing envelopes. And so I think that
might be what , what's interesting ,
is that, you know, even though
technically it's a config setting, what
we might do is that we can only , you
know, even though the bounds are , ,
part of runtime or, you know, they can
even be part of the protocol at this
point.  and then like  say the bound
point. and then like say the bound
like the lower bound is 4 seconds in P23
and then  the lower bound in P24 could
and then the lower bound in P24 could
be like 3 seconds. And so you don't
change the actual value  on the P23 to
change the actual value on the P23 to
P24 upgrade.  but you chose you change
P24 upgrade. but you chose you change
how low the value can be. And I think
that might be the  the best way to
that might be the the best way to
kind of think about these settings is
that you know there is  the bounds can
that you know there is the bounds can
change as you know our latency on
ellipse gets better but the actual value
is dependent on the network config
settings.
Yeah. And I guess to that point like
since
bounceration
yeah actually not sure if you can make
some notes to disagree on the upgrade
validity
maybe yeah anyways that's not super
important but yeah something to I don't
think this really needs to be part of
the protocol I mean I think this can be
like a safety thing where  you know
like a safety thing where you know
there's like a contract that the the
upper and lower bound are just you know
constants in the C++ code similar to how
the upper and lower bounds for other
config settings are  and there is just
config settings are and there is just
like a agreed upon you know contract
that you change these bounds on protocol
boundaries I guess there's a question
chat so do we run the changes on the
super cluster and then provide the
validators input on any hardware of AM
upgrades in a timely
manner I guess can answer yeah yeah So I
think   yeah I think the answer is
think yeah I think the answer is
yes.  so we're doing lots of
yes. so we're doing lots of
supercluster testing and I think part of
this work too is that I've been kind of
running  you know  some one-off
running you know some one-off
tests myself of late and I'm not sure if
the default values on mainet today are
actually the best values  for the
actually the best values for the
network as it exists.  in particular
network as it exists. in particular
the 1 second nomination timeout value
and the 1 second ballot nomination or
ballot timeout value are kind of like
hard-coded magic constants that have
been in core forever that we haven't
really questioned and so I think  part
really questioned and so I think part
of this  while not  part of the
of this while not part of the
actual you know cap itself is you know
after we've released 23 doing testing
both in supercluster and  you know
both in supercluster and you know
intestance and things like this and
finding out what the  the true value
finding out what the the true value
of these things should be I don't think
you know ledger close time I think
that one's you know pretty pretty set at
5 seconds. But for these other values, I
think  there probably is some
think there probably is some
experimentation to figure out what the
actual correct value should be in
protocol 23 and then of course in future
protot  figuring out the correct
protot figuring out the correct
values are there as well. I have a lot
to say.  the intention is not to you
to say. the intention is not to you
know  I think to answer those question
know I think to answer those question
more specifically to not use these
config parameters to like force hardware
changes or like force validators to you
know upgrade to beefier EKS. I think
that's a different conversation.  but
that's a different conversation. but
so so I think yeah we'll definitely
test  and the goal is not to use these
test and the goal is not to use these
parameters to require you to you know
buy more expensive
boxes.
Right. And guess if there are no more
questions on this topic,  we
questions on this topic, we
can make a quick round up
propos this protocol. This is what this
med is supposed to be about.  yeah
med is supposed to be about. yeah
maybe can I suggest like  yeah not
maybe can I suggest like yeah not
spending a whole lot of time on each cap
and it's more like if there are caps
that maybe had like some significant or
some changes in the last  you know
some changes in the last you know
last month maybe we can briefly talk
about that but otherwise yeah like just
yeah yeah exactly that was my
plan basically what I wanted to start
with is  quickly go over caps that
with is quickly go over caps that
haven't changed and  I That's the only
haven't changed and I That's the only
thing the only action item that remains
with them is just  to approve them I
with them is just to approve them I
guess. So
no particular order cup 65 reusable
module cache has been both finalized a
while ago and also implemented and
merged. No changes
there.
then
parallel
sorry memories.
okay. Cap 62 and 66 about  state
okay. Cap 62 and 66 about state
archival and in memory resource current
are still in implementation progress
but there were no changes to the cap
semantics as well. So please stay as
they
are.
, cap.
Yeah. , cap 63 prior proism friendly
transaction scheduling. , again no
changes.
protocol part of the implementation work
is done for the most part. The actual
parallel execution is work in progress
but again no substantial changes
there.
caps
cap 70 has just been discussed.
cap 69 new host functions hasn't been
implemented but there were no new
suggestions there and what remains are
cap 68 and
67 and I guess for cap 68  there
67 and I guess for cap 68 there
weren't any changes themselves as a cap
about host function for getting
executable for a contract address  but
executable for a contract address but
I know Lee is Lee here
might not be here. We had some
concerns about necessity of this
function and  we could maybe work it
function and we could maybe work it
out during this meeting. But  yeah,
out during this meeting. But yeah,
since we doesn't seem to be here, I
guess we'll take this offline.  but in
guess we'll take this offline. but in
any case, I don't think there will be
changes to this cup. Like the worst case
is that  we'll just not do it if you
is that we'll just not do it if you
think it is not necessary.
and I guess what remains is Cap 67
which is  the unified asset events.
which is the unified asset events.
and there has been a lot of discussion
about this cap and pretty sure there
were changes to it  recently and the
were changes to it recently and the
changes were basically ironing out some
edge cases.
specifically
okay looking like working backwards
from the history what we did update is
that  we completely removed
that we completely removed
from max ID from all the classic
events. So for some context
originally CP 67 proposed  for
originally CP 67 proposed for
transfer events  emitted by by the
transfer events emitted by by the
classic operations this cap 67 and  by
classic operations this cap 67 and by
sban token transfers
starting from prole 23.  initially
starting from prole 23. initially
there was a proposal to allow
multiplexing for the transfer source.
but since it leads to
a number of inconsistencies and is
generally not something super widely
used basically it's like a transfer
where you want to know that some virtual
cast account has initiated it even so I
still need to sign for it. this kind of
a weird use case and I guess the outcome
of the discussion on all the edge cases
this comes with was that  let's not do
this comes with was that let's not do
this for a while  until at least next
this for a while until at least next
protocol and  let's just focus on the
protocol and let's just focus on the
minimum things that we definitely know
is useful which is  to multiplex idea
is useful which is to multiplex idea
and we know this is useful because this
is how exchanges typically
identify  their users that represent a
identify their users that represent a
non- custodial accounts so they can
attribute  token deposits to their
attribute token deposits to their
owner
database.  so this is one change.
database. so this is one change.
, another change is
actually what makes this cap still
not ready for for the final approval I
guess is
the change to how we
how we emit the information about the
fury funds. So again from the previous
discussion the current status is that
it will emit two events  called fee
it will emit two events called fee
and the first fee event is what we
charge initially before applying the
transaction and the second event is also
a fee event but with negative value and
it represents a refund. So no and sorban
refund there is refund both portion of
the resource fee. So
whatever portion of the fees that
hasn't been used will be funded after
applying the transaction and this is
what we have in kept now.  what we
what we have in kept now. what we
still haven't converged on is  whether
still haven't converged on is whether
we want to add some additional
attributes to this fee events that
tell the consumer of the event when
exactly did this charge appear because
fees are charged before all the
transactions are applied. So it's like
not a part of the typical transaction
flow and fee is refunded
before protocol 23 it is refunded
after the transaction is applied and
starting from protocol 23 if you will be
refunded after all the transactions are
applied. So there is this annoying
inconsistency with all the other events
because all the Azure events happen
during transaction being applied. Fees
happen before sometimes after all the
transactions were applied.
And I
guess the outcome is that we might alter
the MXR slightly to add some information
on what is the timing of the FE to kind
of make this more obvious. But yeah, I'm
still not sure if we have converged this
value. So this is something I guess
we'll try to prioritize and  finalize
we'll try to prioritize and finalize
this cap.  yeah, it
this cap. yeah, it
is yeah I guess not a major is happening
here but that's lots of small pieces
that it keep coming up
so kind of it. So I guess that's the
only cap that is still not fully
finalized.
and I I hope this  timing will be
and I I hope this timing will be
the last small that we kind of clarify.
yeah that's pretty much it.
right any questions from this camp or
any other caps? But again as I said
before we proer caps are no changes.
I guess there are no questions.
so I don't
know anything else to
[Music]
discuss it. Yeah. I was curious if
yeah if if there was like any feedback
on the  on the restriction that were
on the on the restriction that were
put on the memo from anybody. Okay.
Yeah,
I don't see any feedback.  my my
I don't see any feedback. my my
concern generally is that this stuff may
not be super discoverable.
my suspicion is that
if we make some incorrect decisions
in terms of event layout, we'll learn
after we have  launched cap 67 when
after we have launched cap 67 when
people start actually consuming the
events and find find out some  use
events and find find out some use
cases that are not covered.
to be frank at this point, I think we
should just converge on something that
simply works.
95% of the cases and  yeah if we find
95% of the cases and yeah if we find
some issues
after it has been launched  we can
after it has been launched we can
address them in the future
protocols protocols the good thing about
ma events is that part of the protocol
so we can issue a quick fix some
information is missing or not necessary
or not represents a value as it should.
So it is fixable and I think a cup 6 to
7 is in a reasonable scale trip now
and it's too much room for
centralization.
So I I mean we are obviously open to the
feedback but yeah as I said objectively
like I feel like at this point like we
we got in such such edge cases yeah not
sure if it is clear enough for anyone
who's who was even going to consume this
events I don't think it's clear enough
for them
but things are happening or
Okay, can see typing. , I've been
talking a bit about cap 69, the getter
for the address
executable.
, yeah, for cap 67, the timing  of
, yeah, for cap 67, the timing of
the fees. I I don't think this has been
finalized. We need to finalize this I
guess outside of this meeting.
I think you're almost there. We can
just add the timing email to the
transaction events.  but yeah, we
transaction events. but yeah, we
still need to  make the respective
still need to make the respective
update and post some discussions thread
I guess.  so what I wanted to talk
I guess. so what I wanted to talk
about is cap 69 I get 66 69 I get for
the address
executable I know that you had some
comments on this and there was some
amazing discussion so maybe if you
wanted to talk about this like you're
concerned about it in general  we
concerned about it in general we
could go on the stage
Yeah, I think I think I
I I don't want to read just rehash what
, we discussed about I I think I was
just like a little bit fuzzy on it. ,
second I'm just trying to find the cut.
Sorry, what was the number?
, it's 69.
Oh, sorry.  16. No,
Oh, sorry. 16. No,
that's Yeah, because we split it. We we
That's right. We  split up into
two discussions.
So I I guess I kind of like like here is
my point of view on this like
I kind of understand some of the
concerns about like the use cases for
this that say not as well defined but
that said  just from the API
that said just from the API
standpoint
I don't have like like what I'm looking
for is if there are concerns for the API
itself like if someone thinks that it is
not the information we should be
exposing at all  because if there are
exposing at all because if there are
concerns like that then that's valid we
could discuss them but you know if
you're like trying to understand like
the nuances of the use cases I like like
I feel like we can fulfill some of the
use cases at least and
we can work on more advanced tools
ess.
Yeah, I think I think like the the API
that's proposed is very reasonable. I I
think it it is very reasonable.  I
think it it is very reasonable. I
think it's the question is what you what
you just highlighted in the is
it is there a reason not to expose this
information? And it's sort of it reminds
me a little bit of the  when we were
me a little bit of the when we were
looking at what APIs to expose and what
ones not to expose. one that we chose
not to expose that other blockchains do
and Ethereum does is the concept of a
message.cender.  so like I think you
message.cender. so like I think you
know if there was a proposal to add
message sender to sorban it would also
look sort of similar to this one. It
would look very reasonable.  it sort
would look very reasonable. it sort
of makes sense as a primitive that a
contractor would have access to, but we
made an intentional decision not to
include it in the original you know CAT
46s
because  in we have seen the effect of
because in we have seen the effect of
it in other ecosystems where  you know
it in other ecosystems where you know
it can be used
inappropriately you know in a way that
it's like a security issue. , and it
sort of it provided a view into who's
calling you. , as opposed to like what
the or framework that we've designed is
like a a better safer way  that
like a a better safer way that
abstracts the concepts of like accounts
and address like accounts and
contracts. , so yeah, I guess that's
that's where I'm coming from. That's
where my concerns are coming from. And
when I like when I read through these
motiv the motivations in here, I think I
understand the motivations now  but it
understand the motivations now but it
doesn't it doesn't really completely
address those those use cases. So you
know if you want to pin the exact
implementations yes it does work for
direct dependencies but not  for you
direct dependencies but not for you
know transitive dependencies.
, so as a primitive, it sounds like it
will fit some use cases. It's unclear if
it's completely solving those use cases
to me. And then yeah, I just have this
concern as well of will this result in
patterns of use that harm
interoperability. ,
yeah, I agree on the parent's point. I'm
not sure if transitive dependencies
necessarily like this have I think two
concerns that are kind of incompatible
right
because like if we went down the
pinning road then like and the concern
is that the pinning is not strong enough
and we should also allow for transitive
pin  then we are actually going deeper
pin then we are actually going deeper
into the whole like  no
into the whole like no
interoperability because not Not only do
you like pin the direct call, but you
also want to pin something that happens
in the like as an implementation detail
of that call.
, honestly, like the harm well the
harm impro interability piece. Sorry,
that's I think there's there's like a
few different that's not so much about
the pinning. It's more to do with
making contracts aware of say the
stellar asset contract versus another
token and then writing behavior that you
know is explicitly different for the
two.
Yeah. I mean I kind of guess it's
concern like this asset contract
specifically say you can do this right
now if you want to.
you need to like do a bit more work
than do that.
So given that like like for for the site
versus non-sack like I I kind of get the
concern but we cannot really hide the
either. So I don't know
like yeah not Oh you're saying you can
do this today. You can already do this
today because you can go and get the
name. Yes. And you can encode the XDR
and then verify if they match the same.
That's a good point. Right. So, so
basically like like here the trade-off
is not between like whether like this is
faster or not. The trade-off is like if
people want to do it, should they keep
doing this in a hacker, less efficient
way? And you know, whether their use
case is good or not, like they still
miss themselves into it because they
kind of messed up with extern
versus providing something that at
least they kind of know works. And yes,
you can build something better out of
it. But you know, on the other hand,
like there are different ways of kind of
sensoring which contracts can interact
with your contract. And this is actually
something that people have been
requesting and  this is like how stuff
requesting and this is like how stuff
like string key contract ID hard coding
might end up working and people kind of
keep coming up with this idea of like
what if I want my contract on the
interact with for example XLM or
something. So I don't know I feel like
you're kind of past the point where you
could make things truly abstract. So I
kind of get this concern but yeah at
this point I feel like for the most part
like much about
it this guess you can get any of any
contracts at least you can hard codes
and contract ids.
Yep.
Okay. Yeah. I don't have anything else
to add to it. I'm not I'm not like
opposed I'm not like strongly opposed to
it.  they were just my concerns. So
it. they were just my concerns. So
I get the
benefits and yeah I think it looks good.
Thanks. Sounds good. Yeah.  I mean
Thanks. Sounds good. Yeah. I mean
yeah I I'll think a bit more about this
like and yeah maybe double check with
other folks but yeah honestly like I
feel especially for something like
transitive dependencies like this is I
think this actually strikes reasonable
balance because like you still can
achieve that but you need to make this
explicit and making this implicit sounds
like a bit sketchy because technically
you shouldn't have control over what
other contracts are doing. So,
I don't know. Yeah.  I guess that's
I don't know. Yeah. I guess that's
kind of was it more or less. Yeah, I'll
think a bit more about this, but hope
should be more or less on the same page
here and  should be good to go with
here and should be good to go with
this
[Music]
kind. Great.
I guess it should be truly for today
and there are no more concerns.
thanks
[Music]
everyone. Yeah, thank you.
Later the next protocol meetings and